how to start a digital marketing agency
from scratch in
2022 so you're probably wondering hey
agencies make a ton of money and they do
and by the end of this video you'll know
exactly how to build an agency starting
from scratch with no team no money and
no network and I can tell you from
experience what it looks like to start
an agency with and without money and the
resources I've done it in both ways here
here's the main difference between them
when you have money you can quickly hire
people who are going to build business
for you and focus on whatever is their
strength and you can focus on your
strength I'm good with content marketing
I'm good with SEO so I focus my efforts
on driving traffic to my business
whether it's creating videos like this
or writing blog post content or speaking
at events the rest of my team focus on
other areas that I know that they're
great at such as management Client
Services strategy I also help with some
strategy but more so I do that cuz I
love it I'm a marketer now when you
don't have money you'll need to wear a
few different hats to run the business
and deliver the results to your clients
especially if you want them to be
satisfied you'll need to know which hats
you need to wear or you'll get
completely distracted from things
that'll actually grow your business and
keep your clients happy according to e
marketer in 2021 digital ads spending
worldwide has grown by
29.1% reaching historical high of
491 billion not million but billion
dollars a lot of people want a slice of
that pie but it's a large enough
industry for you to be able to grow that
agency and make a lot of clients happy
while becoming wealthy so let's go over
the core things you need to focus on
when you're starting an agency today
especially in your first year number one
one focus on getting a niche expertise
businesses that get paid by their
clients on a reoccurring basis or at
least High tiet products or Services
they typically focus on one thing right
is it e-commerce or are you doing
marketing for B2B pick one specific
thing Focus number two client
acquisition when you want clients go
with businesses that are focused on
investing in growth people who are
spending money on Google ads or spending
money on social ads like Facebook you
can look at people's Facebook ad library
to see if they're running any ads
recently tools like spyfu ubber they all
show you this I have an entire video on
how you can get more customers from your
agency and you should go and check it
out the link by the way is in the
description Focus number three
delivering amazing services and results
look Services businesses most of it's
word them out if you do a crap job
you're not really going to grow so make
sure that whatever activities you're
doing for your client you're focus on
getting them results focus on building
result based portfoli so that way people
keep referring you their friends
business owners no more business owners
Focus number four documenting processes
start at a high level then go more
indepth and don't worry about perfection
processes change over time Focus number
five self-management you need to be
great at managing not just other
people's time but your own time you need
to be super organized you know those
people who have really messy Des stop
computers that can't be you clean it up
stay organized use basic product
management platforms like Trello base
camp Asana notion stick to your
deadlines do not overcommit do not
overpromise deliver upon what you agreed
upon and iide deliver more than what you
agreed upon Focus number six hiring and
Staffing happens to you when you start
scaling up look the bigger you get the
more people you're going to need you're
going to need to learn how to delegate
those low value tasks so then that way
you're focusing on the most important
things that are generating you Roi make
sure you get people who have achieved
the results you're looking for a few
times in the past because they're much
more likely to do better versus people
have to learn on the job that way you
don't need to do tons of training and
management and their self-sufficient